(GH-2125) Read command from a file or stdin (#2181)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/running_bolt_commands.md

    ```shell script
    bolt command run "netstat -an | grep 'tcp.*LISTEN'" --targets web5.mydomain.edu,web6.mydomain.edu
    ```

-   To run a cross-platform command:
    ```shell script
    bolt command run "echo 'hello world'"
    ```

-   To read a command from a file, pass the command as an `@` symbol followed by
    the path to the file:

    ```
    bolt command run @command.txt --targets servers
    ```

    For Windows PowerShell, add single quotation marks to define the file:

    ```
    bolt command run '@command.txt' --targets servers
    ```

-   To read a command from `stdin`, pass the command as a single dash `-` and
    pipe the command to Bolt:

    ```
    <COMMAND> | bolt command run - --targets servers
    ```

    For example, if you have a command in a text file:

    ```
    cat command.txt | bolt command run - --targets servers
    ```

> > **Note:** When connecting to Bolt hosts over WinRM that have not configured
> > SSL for port 5986, passing the `--no-ssl` switch is required to connect to
> > the default WinRM port 5985.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When connecting to Bolt hosts over WinRM that have not configured
> SSL for port 5986, use the `--no-ssl` option to connect to the default WinRM 
> port 5985.
```
